ahoy friends is back
he has thorsten pride me too
in fact , a video dominates too
do
ok i 'll just ask you
answer and it was one
black and white picture makes it so cool and how
you are a tripod you are a centimeter
can put down the from what you have
everything in this video a lot of fun
read dear people here is again
luino from memorial photography and today
I will be a few very
ask interesting questions
david what fascinates you so unbelievably
in photography not only the
Because of that, photography is so fascinating because
I thereby have the possibility very much
interesting people knows how long the
are even more crazy than myself
possible is the best example
are you the flowers and the sienna of
animal feed coffee without the two would be
The photography is not as exciting as it is
now i think mega cool that too
one of photography a piece far
can write history, you have the
possibility of eternity for the moment
to lend
and those are the reasons why I am the one
photography so fascinating what camera
has you I like this little sweet, the
prospect what is your favorite objective
I have so many objective ones
that's why it will be easy and
though as the plastic fantastic the 50 mm
canon and I have a fixed focal length
that's why I got it objectively because of it
not only cheap I mean 9 9 90
euro you get a fixed focal length with
a really great picture performance
the sharpness is really good and that
cups the blur and picture it
his next to ote from the
Saxon South who is now 100 Euro
should have left that objectively or
take a closer look at the link in the
infobox and I find it really cool it
from the photographer actually almost one
got to
Do you also have my favorite?
objectively also a favorite motive
favorite picture is in the last year
spring emerged
friend i think it's so cool with best
because it's easy to 100 percent
I had to reflect photography
observe
Also at the end of something I needed luck
a lot of patience and I had to do something
Try and that's why it's this
picture emerged
if you look at the picture in more detail
one recognizes yes in the middle of the picture
a heart and that it will
heartwarming has arisen is important
picture just really cool what do you say
because the black and white pictures max the
black and white picture I really can not
say
So I think black and white again
really great because they can do a lot
feeling transmitted what colored pictures
sometimes can not because color can
sometimes very distracting when we get there
Image has or thinks can I
probably will not save
try to save it anyway
advance picture can be correct in black and white
worked well with which
image editing program are you doing that
because the program is the absolute
Madness has been around for several years
the picture editing program at all
it is always evolving
In the beginning there has to be a black and white
then finally out in color and the word
claim and only one's own
imagination can border the program
and that's why I like it better
so ingenious who does not know the
masterpieces by mister cray unique
and colors
especially unique and yours
of course, the opinion of the flash is of the
Situation dependent if I'm in there now
For example, you can take pictures of her
leave out because you set high iso
can
you can not do that then should
one always indirect photo café that is
you may just want to turn around
or to the side and to the left to stop
throw the light in the wall and the
So go back and have already -
Call and soften the light when you are
but outside photographs then try
I give up 95 percent to 70
Of course it depends on use
rather a reflector and the light too
steer when I'm alone it works
Of course not then of course I have to
to use a joke
on the whole, I would say
Now you can use it if you know
how much time do you spend?
ever with the photography
I only say one thing is absolute
madness
I have something to do with photography every day
do and five mega cool I'm yes
full-time photographer and girl at
a company active and part-time
I do that with the sources and
that's why not quite as many
that was actually me
but I think that's it
rather deliver quality than quantity
Do you have other photographers the
such a role model is there is the coolest
around the world
only with the photographer also business
and personnel consultant opens at the
stage gives courses first here and
there and just comes to the
the whole world down the speech is from
calvin hollywood
Greetings and now that's the same
done a lot faster and faster
spontaneous quick photographer i know
not but they already knew but I am
recently died on it
Although came with a tripod with marco
Setting the tripod so
that you go even lower
can as on the description on it says
I now have a tripod of crumbles
that the lennox 480 and if you are now
simply turn that column of medium over that
the camera is upside down and that
colorful lies a tripod in again
then you can do the tripod legs so far
disassemble
The camera almost down on the ground
rests and then you can really
have been to their working day already
knew if not then you write the
Comments
really interesting there is that of
Thorsten was proudly covered by this
to make video I'm going to a
further assist you are also happy
as I was then nominated
I was really happy about it
But I have to say it was real
cool video I really enjoy it
made that and the lust
Certainly I have as much fun
I wish you all out there now
Have fun with whatever you are now
just does and gives the video and there
subscribed if you liked it above
this channel to no further videos too
miss
just look around maybe find
her another video of me what
you like it and then see you in the
next video what's at
they ask for this photo of me 200
It does not even see the euro
Honestly that's why it's like that
expensive
if you like something like these jokes
with a little more acting
power goes then let me
Just know, give a video below
above the comments write me at I
I would like to make this a really cool one
make video with several photographers and
Maybe you like it